run by running back Akeel Lynch he'll
ten practices in the spring how are
things going on offense gonna give her
finally gelling together you know often
it's usually take sometimes but the
philosophies getting into our heads and
starting to move faster or not what do
you like about the way practice is
structured very competitive you know we
get a lot of reps but they also know
when to take it back and I'll give us
our bodies a little bit of rest but we
is very competitive we like it like that
talk about the 55 yard field goal and
practice from Sam ficken that's the best
you know figure the money all camp
thinking's I made a lot of room in this
year we're all behind them and any time
is double or nothing for the runs at the
end of practice you put it on Pickens
leg and you can clutch every time Adrian
were ten practices in the spring talked
about how the defense has made progress
so far it was making a lot of partners
each and every day as we get more
activated into the schemes and concepts
and get more comfortable with the with
the defense and we're moving around
faster working with each other and some
people that's playing you know stepping
and filling their roles from last year
no coming and learning and just just
everybody just working together talk
about the secondary a little bit you
have a number of guys that have played a
lot of football what's it like having a
veteran group back there it's very good
because you know we it's more or less
gaining experience and more you know
just working with each other we know
football so so we talk to each other
like veterans I feel good I think the
weight program I got a lot stronger I
put a lot good wait a little bit faster
so i think it is real good I feel real
good I'm excited for the spring game to
show the fans wouldn't step into new
areas and I think we're all ready to
show what we got in store
you know something to look forward to
going spring practice you don't really
have games or anything so at blue white
game is a big weekend and just slightly
feedback of you Steve
you